[Music]
i guess i should say i got the bread put
the work and now i've lost the breakfast
it's very small
it's a very small thing i keep losing it
i got it to
no i didn't throw it away aircast did i
throw it away i didn't throw it away i
tightly
wound up a bag that had two bagels in it
and i was like this could hold it and i
got it to the point where it did
prevent it from opening the bag
then
i took a bagel out and i put on my desk
and then i moved it somewhere from that
i don't it's somewhere on my desk i
think but it's very small you bend it
didn't you it's tough to find i
definitely did not bin it
well i've got the bread clip here what
episode is this by the way all right
hold on second i'll do that hello and
welcome to the
110th episode of the
face podcast my name is jeff ramsey with
me as always andrew panton and gavin
free
uh ones from england one's from canada
doesn't matter which uh i'm from america
and gavin you're gonna try and
experiment i think i was supposed to do
this in 108 and i forgot but uh i now
have the bread clip and some bread so
how did first off how does it feel like
let's give it give it give us some uh
some audio texture how does it feel in
your hand what is it sturdy do you like
the magnet well the first thing i've
noticed is that it's made of metal but
that bit isn't magnetic it has a
separate magnet on it it's got a little
magnet on it
sort of defeats the whole purpose in a
way but all right uh got some bread
i'm gonna try it now because in my head
this was this there's no way i wasn't
gonna get this on here but here we go
let's try yeah i know i was the same and
then i got a loaf and it's really
difficult you need to really wind it
tight you need to make the top narrow
and you need to slide it up there's no
putting it through the front you got to
slide it in the hole
it's a slide mechanism
oh wait is it a full loaf of bread that
you're trying to do how much bread is in
this bag
i'm just go i'm not using the bread bit
yeah you're just using the bag
what do you mean what is it just an
empty bag no it's got like the nubs on
the end you just
wait that's what i'm asking i'm asking
how much of the loaf is in the bag
probably why does it matter i'm not
because it's a weight for the neck
it's a weight differential for the bag
and the maneuverability of it has a full
loaf you don't have the same
maneuverability in the back i've done
this before have you done this jeff have
you tried this yes okay well i didn't
know that okay i tried it first
oh i don't even remember that but i the
bagels work because there was less
volume i'd say in the bag itself that
allowed more manipulation and flattening
of the bag to get it through this blows
yeah
listen it's a prototype it's early it's
version one things that we solved a it's
pretty it's very aesthetic it's got a pr
it's a it's a it's a it's a beautiful
sky blue it's got cool uh date on it
says our name that's cool nailed it out
of the park first try right there got it
it's got a magnet on it sticks to metal
stuff boom nailed that feels sturdy
nailed it doesn't bend
absolutely nailed that unfortunately
that's where it starts to fall apart
turns out should have bent a little bit
no worries we'll work on that for
revision two what you have right now
though in version one is a great
commemorative bl red clip much like when
people buy commemorative spoons and
thimbles they don't really use them to
sew and eat soup they hang them on the
wall god my mouth i just [__] this
you're struggling yeah it's just like i
feel like my mouth's full of saliva all
the time okay so i i ripped the bag and
the the magnet flew off and um
the megan's gone now i've just got the
uh
the blue bit it's tough it's yeah i
think i'm gonna put i'm gonna put on a
chain and wear it i think that's how i'm
gonna use it well i think what you could
do honestly you put it on a chain and
then you have like a singular bagel in a
bag and you run that through the hole
and then you have the bag supporting the
bag so it's like a double chain
situation that would be the luck have
like one slice of bread and a bag being
held up by your chin
just in case
you never know when you could use a
slice
or a bag man
i wonder how many of these we bought i
have no idea how many the store has
people buying it i don't think you know
they'll buy it yet yeah i mean they
probably are
they're definitely out by the time
people hear this but not not when we're
recording this
can i can i give an important update i
meant to give last time that is right it
is genuine the joy doesn't end it just
keeps on going with the whole jake tombs
thomas thing yeah so i recorded a thing
and i need to like edit it down and chop
it a little bit of him learning because
after we recorded i talked to him in a
group and he he learned that he's been
saying tom's wrong his entire life and
he was not happy about it and it was a
big discussion of like we are
sacrificing the fact that we can hear
him say tombs and it is [__]
hilarious every time he says it
um so there's sort of a sense of loss
the fact that we we had lost tombs i'm
i'm not exaggerating the exact same
night
he was we're talking he's like you know
what's funny is i don't even typically
use like toms that type of thing i'm
more like i'm in the role aids camp you
know roll aids like the watch
and there was a pause
that's a long silent pause and you're
like excuse me he said rolaid's like the
watch and we're we're like is that on
the packaging didn't you come up with
that
and he said no this is uh it's a jake
original for you and he genuinely we
lost toms and tombs jake thinks rolexes
are called rolaids and it's been the new
thing that has taken the last week he
went to a wedding and i was like oh you
see anybody open any gifts and he's like
nah i didn't see it i was like oh so you
didn't see anyone get a roll aid and he
said nope didn't see it i was like does
your dad have a relay jake he's like i
don't know he might i'm not sure he
genuinely thinks this so it's it's just
an endless treasure cove of of words
that are slightly wrong i mean at least
with tombs you could have just misread
the word yeah how do you get roll aid i
have no idea and i'm not he's not doing
a bit he just genuinely thinks that role
aids is rolex
and it's great it's been getting him and
it's so much easier to prompt him to do
the rolaid rolex thing it's fantastic
i'll gavin dispose to the photo that
looks ridiculous that looks good i think
that looks good i like that i think
that's i think that's going on that's
flashing right there i'm a chain guy
what is the thing on your is that the
skateboard from tony hawk ride what is
that thing on your floor is that oh it's
just something to no it's just something
to stand on like a little rocker when
the desk is
in stand mode
what you have a thing you have a thing
to stand on when it you're standing for
your desk
yeah it just came with a desk i don't
know why i don't know if it's good for
you or anything oh i just stand on it
and it's like a you balance i don't know
i feel like that defeats the purpose of
the standing i'm still standing i'm just
standing on something that's not the
floor yeah but i feel like the whole
thing of you stand because you don't
want to sit and you're you're like
avoiding a mechanism it would defeat the
purpose of the standing desk if i raised
it as high as it could go and then sat
in a lifeguard chair i think that would
be pointless but i think this is tough
you're just getting a good view you're
making sure nobody's sneaking up on you
no snake is going to get you in the life
that's a real throwback
it is
are you gonna wear that like is that is
this genuinely part of your wardrobe now
can people i mean i'm wearing it now i
don't know how long it'll stay on i
typically find it really annoying to
wear
jewelry even watches is annoying
what is there any exception to your
jewelry i mean i'd wear a rollage but
that's about it yeah rollaid
i looked i googled to see if there's
maybe a like a commemorative rolaid's
watch or something they never made that
it doesn't matter it's tragic oh i'd
love to
to get jake a roll aids watch
did you see what papa john's did eric
gavin i was gonna say i'm so used to
talking like dumb food [__] with eric i
instinctually said somebody sent this to
me right before
he recorded it's a [__] monstrosity
maybe you'll defend it
i [__] hate it papa john's is doing
a branston pickling cheese stuffed crust
no
in the us
ah no i'm assuming this is in in europe
in the [__] you think in the us do
you think they're [__] brave enough
to do that in the us
also i need to clarify is papa john's in
europe or is it just coincidentally
another pizza chain named papa john's
that has nothing to do after dennis the
menace i don't know what to believe is
that the same logo
not really
dude bransta's been around for a hundred
years look has it well it says since
2019-22
[__] gross that's terrible is it to
celebrate the 100th of the century of
branson pickle
i love the idea that papa john was the
one that was like we need to i need to
eat this that sounds
absolutely phenomenal i would horrible
wow papa john's is everywhere
that doesn't surprise me isn't is shaq
papa john now because papa john's sucked
and he got kicked out of poppy johnson
yeah i think he's on the board or
something right
he's like a bunch of chain restaurants i
believe of theirs yeah he's a
savvy businessman shaquille o'neal i've
never looked at a crust and thought this
needs pickle like it's just such a
terrible look it's not pickle it's
[__] onion right no it's isn't it
pickle i mean i've uh it's like mainly
pickled onion well i mean you read the
ingredients it was like a bunch of
different stuff i don't even remember i
just remembered not liking it i think we
should get we should try and get you
some of that and i want some too howard
i don't think there's any way to get i
assume it's only in europe well let's
google i mean pizza travels well but i
don't know if it travels that well
we need someone to just take you on a
plane
illegally you know like in movies where
like they tape the drugs or the money to
them for like walking across it's just
pizza boxes
yeah why are available they also make
branson pickle cheese sticks oh i'm just
imagining somebody walking through the
airport looking like a [__] roblox
character with like the boxes on each
corner of them just a big blocky try to
be stealthy what's this limited edition
cheese sticks
that's the same thing yeah it looks like
it's only in the uk
it's terrible i'm gonna have to make a
trip
yeah terrible anyone want to come
no well no
i thought for any reason no the answer
is no you will not set foot in the
united kingdom until
uh until after november there's an order
there's a wait list
i didn't go to vegas that was all i was
just kidding as a joke
i'm not in vegas right now remember that
he's gonna be in vegas that was a whole
big hole he ha
just kidding oh man i can't believe you
wouldn't go to england with me uh
i went after november i think that's
pretty clear so if an opportunity came
up after the
after the princeton pickle and cheese
once it's long gone i'll i'll gladly
gladly get do an england trip with you i
just don't want to set foot well i don't
want to be in the same place that there
is a pickled
crust sounds dangerous we could make how
do you make a
yeah we can make this no we can't no we
can't no we can't we can't and we don't
want to we could we could
it's possible how do we make this have
you ever made a crust in your life no i
assume it's just rolling cheese into it
right yeah
okay
folding some cheese in i guarantee you
we could make this and it'd be perfect
for face cooks the food the cookbook
that we have never made the spirit we'll
need is someone in england if this is
still on someone just to rip the crust
open and just give me a reference photo
and then i'll try and make it that's a
great idea i'd love to see that i want
to see your interpretation of it and
then i would i would go to austin to eat
it well oh my god gavin gavin this is
the pizza you can cook in my pizza oven
in my backyard so i've been demoing it
sit oh it's just a circle oh my god
thank christ this weekend emily was like
is gavin gonna make a [__] pizza or
what and i was like i don't know i don't
think so she goes i'm paying to have
this thing torn down
like tomorrow
pizza all right so that's it after you
make the branston pickle stuffed crust
pizza we're ripping that thing down so
we can put a pool in
just like
pulling the pizza out and then the
sledgehammers immediately start
oh that's perfect i think you should
keep that but i'm not gonna though but
that's perfect dude that's super
exciting in three years i've made zero
pizzas since we made that we since we
had the discussion in my backyard of you
making a pizza in that thing we've made
zero pizzas
it clearly doesn't get used however
however
this is a pro this is a perfect way to
use it i could not be more excited i
would argue that you can go to a place
to swim you can't go to a place to make
a pizza i think the pizza oven is
significantly more valuable an authentic
pizza of an experience obviously every
people have ovens ovens can work but i'm
saying like an authentic
pizza oven experience
you can't just walk up and use that i
mean i could just go to there's like
five wood-fired oven pizza restaurants
are like a five blocks from me yeah but
you're not used to what's it in the way
of though what's it in the way of
yeah it takes up a lot of [__] space
what are you gonna put there like a
chair you've got chairs i'm gonna put a
pool there
right there where the pizza thing is
part of it yeah but the pool will cut
into it a little bit yeah probably i
would rework the shape of the pool also
we [__] tried to dig in your backyard
before we know what it's like you're not
gonna dig a pool there you get three
feet
there's no [__] way i like that
andrew throws himself in this we tried
to dig a hole but we are not gonna be
digging a pool
the pro a dude with a crane is gonna dig
and a [__] earth mover is gonna be
digging the pool hole it's not gonna be
us with shovels out there you're gonna
get a four foot pool and one foot of it
will be below ground the rest will be
sticking out that's a lot
if also if you get a [__] crane to
dig up your yard you better [__] try
to cook beans in that hole you better
make a real goddamn hole with that
beanie i don't want any goddamn excuses
a gavin with a hammer
also
i don't think we ever released that
video i don't know if we ever will but
what a [__] this may be my favorite
video that has ever come out of the show
that baseballs what's that the bean hole
yeah i don't think the bean hole video
ever got released i could be wrong it's
never because you're serious no it's
never come out i put i put them in the
folder like two months ago really i was
like hey i've got these videos done let
me know if you want any changes wait
because the full baseball video never
came out either yet did you do that as
well oh no it didn't why do i do it why
do i do it wait wait wait wait wait
they're available i've been waiting i've
been waiting for you to be done yeah me
too i didn't know they were playing this
slack ages ago i've never seen any of
them i'd love to gavin's overkill
achievement came out and then before
that it was jeff at the plate reel and
then jeff at the plate they were my dick
off on those i'm so excited to see them
you didn't tell anyone this is gonna be
really exciting we're gonna find oh they
were out are you serious i put them in
the slack you idiots oh did you put them
there's no way you put them in the slack
i don't remember you saying these are
done like i went to the google drive
folder and i was like uh this one needs
music anyone got any notes no i didn't
what are you talking about is that you
saying this is done or
yeah like watch the thing i've edited it
where is it i'd love to see it
you're a fool you're a bunch of people
i don't if it was just
three different edits out the door in
the same way no one's even watching i'll
be honest i was under the impression you
just got too busy to deal with it you
had you had slow-mo guys stuff and that
you just like forgot about it and i was
like it's not a big deal like we already
got content out of it so i was like it's
no big deal now it's a really odd amount
of time i wish you would i wish i would
have what put it in the slack well i
don't know that you did i'd really roll
up
where to where
maybe it was when i maybe it was one of
the times i quit facebook
where is it eric where'd you get that
well i searched you said any notes on
baseballs i think it should probably
have some background music and then you
didn't and then that was and that was it
sorry do i need to do more than that i i
said does anyone have any notes on
baseballs silence and then nothing why
did i bother right but i didn't know it
was done
what she wanted to be very much trying
to say this is done when when was that
posted uh like may 3rd
oh god
i this is a weird
now i know you're annoyed and you have
every right to be we all missed it
because we thought we were being
courteous to you this was miss with the
best intent i thought you were just
super busy i thought you were super busy
and that you just hadn't gotten around
to it and i wasn't going to be like
where the [__] are these videos that you
said you would do like i was just like
so no one's bugging me about it because
you think i'm busy i've already posted
them and i'm thinking oh i guess nobody
i guess they've gone up or nobody had
any notes we're being respectful of your
time i i will say i can't find i'm
looking and i can't find the bean hole
one completed but i don't know if that
was completed or not again if it was
done is that not in the same photo i'm i
don't i just have the direct link to the
video i don't have the link to the
folder yeah it's just a link to a base
maybe that might be on you that part
that one might be on me i mean they're
both in there
okay but again i don't have i'm not sure
like i don't have the folder
okay so i've messed up that one i i
assume
i assume i'd link to the folder i just
linked to one video in the folder so
okay okay i'll take i'll take the blame
for bean hole not coming out oh man it's
done two it's right next to the other
one so may 3rd when does this come out
what day is does this come out because
we can upload these when this airs i'm
excited can i see bean hole oh this
comes out uh the uh the week of the 6th
so july 6th so july 6th this will become
public on our youtube channel these will
be posted these have just been in the
facebook unknowingly the [__] we're
opening the facebook
this podcast is such a piece of [__] no
we need more we need money and people
and it doesn't work without it
here's what i'll say uh no one from the
audience has asked about these videos so
they may not even want them no they
definitely i want i feel like i want
them i feel like i haven't seen anything
about them i just assume they came out
and everyone was like oh
can i how do i see the how do i see the
bean hole yeah where's the bean hole
video i'm not locked in on this i have
to send you though because i can't do it
yeah because i can't afford i can't like
back out of this video and yeah like up
there no it's just asking me how else i
want to open this so yeah okay i'm so
happy i'm taking the blame on bean hall
but uh i i did put baseballs up over two
but you put baseballs up
finished it's done i just i wanted to
know if you think i should have music on
it but i didn't know it was done you're
asking for notes we didn't give notes
but you didn't say okay never mind then
it's done
i have to say okay i have to say uh i i
need notes by the way it's done what do
you mean that's that means what do i
mean you asked for notes and then didn't
say anything else about it ever so i
didn't sorry i asked for notes i'll say
something immediately after what
gavin we gave you a month to let us know
it was done and you just never kind of
got back around to it man i want it on
the record gavin i'm on your side on
this i'm with you i just missed it
was there i somehow missed that message
i i don't want to be on either side but
i will say uh i i think that eric brings
up a point if you present it as does
this need background music it probably
does do you think he could throw some in
it sounds like it's not done
can you paste what i wrote eric uh
yes it is right here this is from okay
so this is from wednesday may the 4th
and it is uh can you believe the can you
bleep the faces too while you're at it
oh
oh video so i still so it's not done
he's giving it seems like it's done
this was uh
uh
gavin posted a link to the google drive
where baseballs lives on which any notes
excuse me
any notes on baseballs i think it should
probably have some background music and
i still need to bleep the faces
that there's no indication that this is
complete it's in i'm just doing
finishing touches stuff any notes before
i export it for the final time
so we don't have the funnel so we don't
have the final export is what you're
telling me why would you have the final
why would you give notes on the one
that's being uploaded what are you
talking about
oh i'm just saying we don't have it i'm
not saying you know where it lives or
whatever so where is the final version
yeah because i don't have that i've
never
how do we get access to the final
version i'm sorry i thought this was a
collaborative process i thought that if
you wanted changes or if suddenly jeff
was like oh it shouldn't be this long i
thought i'd probably still cut it down
before i waste time timing it to music
bleeping words that aren't going to be
in it i thought maybe that was a good
time to get some feedback i apologize i
was clearly wrong let's let it just sit
there no no no no for six weeks and i'll
just shut i'll just shove both thumbs up
my ass how about that
i need to be i genuinely am so sad i
didn't see that i'm really sorry i
missed it because i would have loved i
would have given any note i would have
given so many notes i would have been
the nerdiest note person of all time if
i saw that video dude i'm so sad i
missed i'll be honest it's a very jeff
move to uh look at a video that's been
uploaded and be like wow why is that 16
minutes it should have been four i absol
now i will say i absolutely agree with
you on that yes
what did i have standards
you have standards after it's done you
don't have time before it's done
if i listen okay i very rarely i very
rarely have time to give notes
uh and i trust you guys until after
where you're more than happy to what are
you talking about when am i doing that
we need to factor in how contentious
baseballs was for a time jeff almost
quit this podcast because we posted a
photo of him missing baseballs it was
very close
yeah at least at least uh even though
this one didn't come out the other three
about baseballs came out so i think i'm
so excited to watch this i'll be honest
with you gav it totally sounds like we
dropped the ball on responding to you in
all seriousness we should have either
said no it's good to go go for it or i
don't have time to i'm not going to
watch this i can't be bothered export it
or what whatever response you got no
response so that is on us but but in our
defense i will say there were 3 000
[__] baseball videos all at once and
i just missed this one but i saw all the
other ones it's the one that took like
seven hours to edit um so sorry that's
all right that's right i don't to be
honest i don't know why i thought it
would have went up i clearly hadn't
bleeped
honestly just the silence of it i just
thought oh something's happened with it
i thought there's no way it just sat
there in the slack unattended i'm so
glad we decided to record two of these
today i know like how long this could
have went i'm so excited to watch the
bean hole video i cannot wait yeah i've
never seen it i can't wait to get the
link to it
yeah i would say a little a little
appear behind the veil for the audience
there was a discussion we recorded 109
and 110 back to back today because eric
and i have to go out of town for vidcon
next week
and uh so there was some discussion
about whether we had enough material for
a second episode today and i think we
were all kind of on the fence on it if
we had decided not to do this it might
have been another six months before we
found out about these videos
when we did the second like the next set
of baseballs that probably would have
come up again i'm like oh it's too bad
that we never got that video this it
could be
weeks yeah yeah yeah talking about the
immense pizza oven follow-up to a video
that didn't come out
that's true nobody's ever seen the well
i audience i apologize in one of the
videos we have a whole conversation
about how gavin's going to cook a pizza
in my pizza oven
i guess you have jeff you need to you
need to save part of your destroyed
pizza oven for the museum
because it's hard to floor if cooks the
pizza
you got to save a chunk of it yeah it's
very important to that
it's a pizza wall gather how are you
doing man i just remember how busy
april and me were i'm trying to squeeze
those in for no reason hey real real
fast
camera real fast can i ask you a
question
which socks are you wearing today
[Laughter]
i'm wearing the old style
oh
okay
that is funny oh
that's actually
i'm not even mad like i'm not even mad
because it became content on this one
but that is mind-blowing
do you know why it happened honestly it
wasn't like it was sent to one person it
was to the there's like 10 people in
that slack
it had it happened because we have so
many things going on all the time like
faces just was like
it's just like a minefield of bad of
bits that we're dancing around it's like
we were probably seven bits further by
the time that you know what i mean it's
like it's it's unfortunate
but it's so awesome that we found out
and we get to release these videos now
doesn't mean we need to no no we need
the audience no we do that's the one we
do
i don't think the audience knew they
were missing them
we talked about
did we talk about how there were so many
baseball videos coming out and i've got
like my super cut coming i don't think
anyone cared no i care i think they've
probably been anticipating this for
weeks they probably just saw the two
baseball videos that were already out
and thought that that's what you meant
oh i'm so excited then we're putting out
stuff like the overkill and oh god
we'll talk about we'll get about yeah i
can't wait man i wish i could i wish i
wish i i wish i had that mechanism
internally
that allowed me to feel empathy for you
in this moment because i think i would
like i can see you i can see why i would
i don't um clearly
but i would i i kind of wish i did i
wish i felt bad for you right now
because it seems like you're probably
upset and i can imagine how annoying and
frustrating that would be if it was if
it was week off
i i just like i've i guess i've
forgotten mostly of how
how busy all that time was if it was
closer to it i'd probably be more
annoyed i'm not annoyed it's funny
it's a very us thing to have happened
it is
oh man
[Applause]
this ad is brought to you by hellofresh
america's number one meal kit with
hellofresh you get farm fresh
pre-portioned ingredients and seasonal
recipes delivered right to your doorstep
skip trips to the grocery store and
count on hellofresh to make home cooking
easy fun and affordable that's why it's
america's number one meal kit
choose from 55 plus weekly options
featuring pre-portioned high quality
ingredients picked at peak ripeness
hellofresh delivers fresh quality
produce from the farm to your door in
less than a week so you can savor summer
flavors right from home
select meals from the taste to summer
series that are sure to become
everyone's new favorite like the old bay
shrimp and sausage boil and family style
grilled steak lettuce wraps
i talk about hellofresh all the time i
love it it's awesome it's so much fun
getting the boxes cool making new
recipes that always taste delicious is
awesome it's just a fantastic service
that i love so much
so please go to hellofresh.com
face 16 and use code face 16 for up to
16 free meals and three free gifts
that's hellofresh.com
face 16 and use code face 16 for up to
16 free meals
and three gifts
thank
you i love that sound it's the sound of
another sale on shopify the all-in-one
commerce platform to start run and grow
your business
shopify gives entrepreneurs the
resources once reserved for big business
so upstarts startups and established
businesses alike can sell everywhere
synchronize online and in-person sales
and effortlessly stay informed scaling
your business is a journey of endless
possibility believe me this podcast
started out selling t-shirts and today
we're selling grown tubes and we're not
stopping there because success is a
million milestones on a forever evolving
path
shopify powers millions of businesses
from first sale to full scale
reach customers online and across social
networks with an ever growing suite of
channel integrations and apps including
facebook instagram ticktalk pinterest
and more
synchronize your online and in-person
sales
gain insights as you grow with detailed
reporting of conversion rates profit
margins and beyond
more than a store shopify grows with you
this is possibility powered by shopify
go to shopify.com face all lower case
for a free 14-day trial and get full
access to shopify's entire suite of
features
grow your business with shopify today go
to shopify.com
face right now
shopify.com
face
now a word from our sponsor better help
it's so important to have methods that
can help your mental health i know for
me when i'm working through something i
found listening to music to be
incredibly helpful
it allows me to be present while
comfortably processing things in a way
that other media doesn't even though i
love movies and video games it's just a
different experience i have when i'm
listening to music there's also better
help online therapy
i've talked about it a lot but therapy
is something that has made a real impact
in my life so it's always something i
would highly recommend trying
better help offers a large variety of
communication methods so you don't have
to see anyone on camera if you don't
want to
it's much more affordable than in-person
therapy and you can be matched with a
therapist within 48 hours
our listeners get 10 off their first
month at
betterhelp.com
face
that's better help
dot com slash face
hey i saw a comment the other day uh and
i didn't write down who said it
unfortunately but uh somebody said that
it was their uh suspicion
that
future gavin
came back in time
climbed a tree and threw the branch at
past gavin and framed me so i have a
question why is future gavin trying to
frame current jeff what does future you
have against me because he [__]
ignored his feedback on the baseball
video is it because this is how it
starts it's this
yeah if i'd have just heard and that's
for the baseballs after i got hit that
would have been
yeah i wonder why i must have needed to
move or maybe uh maybe i was about to
get sunburned or something maybe you
were either saving your life but i don't
know why i'm getting the heat for it
like it like it was me because i clearly
didn't do it i didn't think there's any
way i could have known you would take
the heat for it though
i mean you knew everything you're in the
future that's true does that mean it
happened before this episode though or
after uh do you have the power to time
travel currently that's a good point
yeah
unless you just let something slip
that means okay so it's gonna have to be
pretty soon though because i don't know
whether i'm gonna be able to climb trees
for that much
i'm not gonna be coming back in my
70s and doing it am i
i was thinking about like old people
things have you ever heard a
whippersnapper like unironically in the
wild i don't think i've ever heard
really yeah i'd love to be called a
whippersnap what was the context i mean
people used to dude i'm so old like i
grew up in this like the late late 70s
and early 80s people said old people in
alabama said [__] like that all the time
really
sport and chief and champ and
whippersnapper yeah all that stuff
oh it'd be great i'd love to i don't
think there's any i guess it's an insult
i think if i was going to be called an
insult that's probably number one on my
big board i don't think i've ever been
called a whipper and i don't think it's
an insult i think it's more of like just
a terminology for like a rambunctious
kid like whippersnapper yeah you little
but i feel like it's typically used in
the context of i'm sick of this kid this
[__]
i feel like negative connotation really
interesting my perception of
whippersnapper is totally off is it
is there an age limit when do you exceed
the line of whippersnapper uh when do
you age out of whippersnapper but like
is that
sooner than aging out of climbing trees
i think
i was trying to figure out is it
dependent on the person saying it or is
there a clear line like if they're a
hundred does the bar move
because i would say if somebody who's
like
they're probably maybe like 11 or 12 i'd
assume is the cutoff if they're like a
hundred i feel like it would be
appropriate for them to call like a 20
year old a whippersnapper i bet a
hundred year old person has called a 70
year old a whippersnapper just probably
think so i bet that's happened yeah i
think that's happened
well i will say andrew uh i think you
are more right than i was even that's
not i don't ever remember being refer
used derogatorily but uh
a dictionary kid
says that uh whippersnapper is a young
impertinent and irritatingly over
confident person so i guess it is wow
and negative
yeah well i always feel like these damn
whipper snappers like the the kind i
guess i've only heard it ironically
that's what i mean but even in the
ironic context i feel like it's aimed at
somebody who's doing something against
the person saying it do you see that
picture recently of the queen coming out
on her balcony stood next to
prince charles it's basically an old
woman stood next to an old man no but
one's like her it's her kid but i bet
she could call him a whipper snapper
i don't know if this is this is like a
not british dna thing i don't think i've
ever just come across a photo of the
queen ever and it's never the me and
seeing the queen never comes in the news
it was a big jubilee yeah it was the
platinum jubilee i don't i don't know i
have no you don't know about the
platinum jubilee
it i am aware of platinum games
i don't know of platinum jubilee it's
the 70 this year was the 70th
anniversary of her reign as monarch ah
that's right right kevin i'm not getting
i'm making this wrong yeah i mean not
complete respect to her you couldn't
measure how insignificant that is to me
i [__] i couldn't care like who cares
i think she's the second longest living
monarch
i couldn't care less
well i mean you don't have to i'm just
saying
it was in the damn news it's not in my
world i didn't see that news that's not
okay come across
[__]
aren't you part of england or something
i saw her with paddington bear that was
she she's on your money yeah aren't you
guys she's british
yeah but i don't i don't use all right
see that picture oh what a cute photo
that is a nice photo all right on the
left that's a kid so and the guy to her
right well he murdered his wife right
didn't he kill his wife
that's
prince william
on the right her right not my right her
the little
the kids no no not the kid
her son her who is he
prince charles
charles
charles didn't charles kill diana isn't
that a thing
i thought he killed her i'm sorry she
died running from paparazzi in a tunnel
with dodie fyed
i feel like they're
i feel like i've heard that he killed
her dude and there is a conspiracy
theory for every celebrity death ever
made but that's not a large one i don't
think okay yeah that guy
charles is her son so it's the pictures
left but yeah yeah her right yeah that's
charles and camilla
yeah
didn't he cheat on diana with camilla
yes okay so that's right i know
something i mean why did you just start
saying allegedly every time you put a
mouth in the middle well i'm asking
questions i'm literally i'm not saying
these as facts i've raised both of these
as questions i gotta i should i feel
like i need to step in and say this
before you go too far down this road
andrew uh just so you know gavin knows
next to nothing about england so okay
his his english knowledge is brutally
limited i've learned over the years so
just take take some of the stuff he says
with a grain of salt ask me a question
andrew
uh
i don't even know what that tho are
those
williams kids i think that's william to
the left right that's william and
uh kate yeah
i keep wanting to say mckinnon but it's
definitely not kate mckinnon middleton i
don't middleton yeah
okay those are their kids
and she you're thinking you're saying
that she could refer to those kids as
whippersnappers
what she can refer to her son who's next
to her who's 70 years old queen you
called charles a whippersnapper goddess
it's like an ironic
understood
understood i don't know anything about
the royal family oh you're not part of
my how does jeff know more about it than
you though
it's not part of my it's not part of my
world i don't know commonwealth
i don't know what to tell you i don't
think about this it's
literally more part of your world than
mine i just know about [__] because well
hey i was in london like a month ago and
they were setting up for the platinum
jubilee uh but b i just pay attention to
the world and what's happening in it i
guess my world doesn't contain the royal
family it literally does though you're a
part of the british commonwealth yeah
but it's not it's not in my peripheral
like i get what you're saying it's in
your wallet
i don't i don't have any cash on it okay
all right andrew's andrew is heavily
invested in altcoin he pays for
everything with doj no
no i'm not absolutely not i could tell
you about bayonetta platinum games i
know a lot about platinum games flat
veined two okay
near uh onomata near automata is that
how you say that one they make great
games i just don't know anything about
platinum jubilee is that just a title
that she got for raining so long or what
is well platinum is just like a you know
how like people have wedding
anniversaries and stuff like a i see a
golden anniversary yeah usually
different decades do you think the queen
ever used her gold-plated wii
there's some video game company that
there was some other anniversary of hers
they said
you think she ever got that
do you think the queen has ever played
wii bowling
i feel like absolutely but she gave it a
go i bet there is uh there is like a
whole wing of buckingham palace where
dignitary dignitaries and foreign
leaders and kings and queens and of
other uh monarchies have given gifts to
the royal family that just get chucked
in and like throw it in that room they
get so much of it i'm sure she doesn't
see 90 of it yeah i don't think she i
actually don't think she needs any more
gold so she probably didn't even yeah
so is the nintendo or like another
company just did that
i think a different company did that i
don't think it was a nintendo okay yeah
i think they're like trying to promote
their game i don't know it was like
250 000 wii or something
jesus
so would you say that the queen has more
or less gifts than price's right winners
have prizes if you're gonna measure
those against each other more way more
way more yeah okay and she does she
doesn't have to pay all the taxes
i bet the queen
i bet the queen could have a tag sale of
buckingham palace that would blow you
away
you think the queen would be interested
in a metal bread clip
she might dude i don't know i just
watched the martha stewart spread clip i
just watched martha stewart's great
american yard sale or whatever i don't
know why the queen wouldn't do it martha
stewart is the closest thing to american
royalty we have what was she getting rid
of dude she got rid of so much stuff
uh she got rid of like a lot of
different cutlery she got rid of some
really old knives she got rid of a bunch
of like really pretty plates and
furniture
like chested drawers and i don't know
you watch it it's on hulu i watched the
whole thing
uh so that came from whippersnappers huh
i guess
what a [__]
[Music]
do you think
this is another thought i had recently
uh-oh do you think anyone has stolen the
equivalent of like what somebody has
made in ocean's 11 and small goods like
what's the most value amount somebody
has stolen like i don't know like going
into walmart and stealing an apple
scrumping an apple or like
a chocolate bar or something insignific
something very cheap low value but
extreme low value but extreme quantity
so somebody gotten like what would be
the equivalent of a cut of an ocean's
heist throughout their life in in apples
or candy
small items like what's the most anyone
without getting caught has successfully
stolen in small quantities
would that even be feasible could you
steal enough let's just say like i don't
know like bottles of soda or candy bars
well wasn't that kind of the plot of
office space to steal like tints of it
was yeah yeah yeah but that was like a
digital trend that was like how they
were moving pennies there was no
physical transaction in that i'm just
imagining you know how like a serial
killer has their trophies like a guy
that only steals like oh henry bars has
like 20 000 rappers
what if someone went around
and took all of the first dollars from
every business like the framework
i wonder how many first i wonder how
rich you would be if you had every first
dollar in in the world
that would be really rich
i still obviously have to frame the
first one you stole
this is a a little bit of an aside but
it reminded me i saw the other day that
shaq said he had the largest single
purchase in the history of walmart wow
wow i don't know if it's true or how it
was verified but apparently he was
saying when he got traded by a woman
when he got traded from orlando to
phoenix he got to phoenix and had
nothing and he just said i'm going to
buy everything i need and he went to
walmart it said at like three in the
morning and spent about 70 000 worth of
stuff in one in one purchase from
walmart that was back when he played for
phoenix so it's possible some other
person
has spent more walmart since then but uh
according to him when he played for the
phoenix suns he had the largest
single purchase in the history i'll give
it i'll give money to the richest family
yeah
could you imagine trying to park a
moving truck in a standard parking space
you just have to take a whole row and
people couldn't even be mad at i love
the idea of shaq like parking his moving
truck to the front of walmart i just
feel like we're we're loading up i need
chairs i need tables
[Music]
70 grand does that like go through a
checkout yeah yeah he said he he like
paid for it with his like so i i didn't
i was kind of like half listening it was
i was doing something else at the time
but uh he said that his credit card got
declined and he was like run it again i
ain't poor and then they tried again and
his credit card got declined then he got
to call like american express or whoever
and like convince them that it was him
and he said he got a call and they were
like jack you're never going to believe
this but somebody just tried to spend 70
000 of your money at walmart and he's
like i'm that guy it's me
[Laughter]
eric said imagine being behind him in
line that'd be great how many shopping
carts he would need
or the idea of him trying to like sneak
in express checkout like it crosses the
line of so absurd that you just have to
allow it he said he bought he was like i
bought like seven tvs uh you know all
stereos i had to buy like underwear
toothpaste t-shirts plates like he
bought an entire life like everything a
person would need to live i guess he
just left everything else in orlando and
was like i'll see eventually seven tvs
yeah it's about to say i love the idea
of i'm getting all the essentials seven
tvs we're opening with seven tvs need
seven of those
what can you do with seven yeah not not
start with one and we'll see how many
more i need just start with seven
you're really committed to the tech at
that time too not to like we've had tv
talk recently but tvs i feel like are
changing like every five years like
buying all seven at the same time is a
decision all right i gotta figure out
what year it was that he
yeah they could have been crt
yeah
oh god all right you need an entire
truck just for the crts
so he played for the phoenix suns oh no
2008-2009 they weren't crts ah 2008 he
was getting flat screen that's
disappointing that's definite flat
screen territory what does show me mean
just talking to eric oh oh no we were we
were in a space
and jeff pointed at a tv and just kept
going huh right
and i didn't know what the [__] he was
talking about but it was just a frame
around a tv he was so thrilled about it
i thought it was pretty cool yeah why
does nick said i love a frame around a
tv why
why nick this just looks nice look at
this no but it doesn't it like when it's
on it's stylish
when it's off i think show the mona lisa
but
i i don't think tvs look ugly tv when
it's on art when it's off is how they
describe it it's relaxed nick said it's
relaxing
so look at a frame around the tv
relaxes nick
i just know
you're so stressed out you're just like
i need something to calm me down oh as
nick calls it ah glowing art
let me turn this tv off i am right there
with nick you guys are making fun of
him for a totally valid hell yeah nick i
just i think see a tv off with no classy
if it has an image and it's art like
they're displaying that's fine but when
you turn off a tv and it's just a blank
screen with a frame around it it looks
uglier than just a tv does i don't think
it does that no i think it always it
goes into like an art mode where you can
you've sent me a photo of a tv that was
turned off completely that had a frame
around it i've seen it yeah yeah well
that was the rt one that they hand made
these are the ones that like you buy no
but i didn't the frame like the handmade
part of it was great i think that looked
awesome yeah
they just didn't have they're not listen
they're not using it to the to the
height of its potential but that's my
point like unless they all have that
where it's pre-built or whatever they do
turn the tv off to bring the
masterpieces to life simply press the
power button on the one remote and watch
art mode turn your blank tv screen into
a private exhibit of curated creations
why am i trying to sell these [__]
tvs i don't even have one
i just think it's cool shackled by seven
at least what was his jersey number
shaquille o'neal
yeah what did he play us i think he
probably bounced around depending on
what he was playing
uh he played for a lot of teams 34 eric
thanks he was 34 in la 32 in miami 33
when he was at lsu 32 on the suns 36 in
boston 32 on the magic and 33 on the
cavs so he's just a 32 to 30 36 30 yeah
runner there 36 for the celtics is
marcus smart currently here's hoping
that number gets retired nobody will
ever be 36 again
it's tomorrow right game tonight six
tonight tonight i thought it was friday
it's thursday night
it's thursday [__] okay it's in a couple
hours
jesus i was not mentally prepared for
this well i'm also not mentally prepared
for this and i've been trying all
[__] week
the word the best part is people already
know
you know you know what's [__] up dude
what if they win this game tonight which
would be awesome
do you know when they play game seven
when on my birthday
[Music]
that poo
yeah that's uh
yeah
wow that's high stakes you think like
talk about talk about good socks bad
socks
uh
[__] that the the risk
of them
[__] the bed on my birthday and me
having to deal with that for the rest of
my [__] life
wow yeah it's almost like when you drop
that derrick white card and you curse
that entire game potentially you add
that weight on
well let's hope they win yeah well
fingers crossed i think they'll win
tonight i'd be shocked if they lose
three in a row gavin said
eric asked gavin what the final score
for the game will be
and gavin said 80-94
that would be an incredibly low scoring
game
oh what's the number
i mean it could happen but given the
playoff i mean at two of the best
defenses in basketball i think it's more
likely going to be in the low 100s
probably 104 112 or something but yeah
well 80 94 is bold
i hope that god the celtics scored more
than 80 points tonight
oh good eric's trying to see if he's a
time traveler that's excellent that's
excellent you might have just caught him
in a loop it's a weird sport basketball
it's a lot of uh
scoring
yeah yeah they like to score
why does that make it i guess if you're
soccer because if both teams are going
to score the low 100s it's like how many
times are you really excited what
happens yeah yeah really yeah you are
yeah it's exciting all the way through
there's too much scoring uh
points
what are you talking about i just think
if something happens all the time while
you're watching it it's not interesting
let's have a [__] blast and watch one
one go do a tie let's [__] whoo
that's great
thrilling
thrilling high stakes i'm not saying i
agree or disagree with you gavin but did
you say that something's always
happening and it's so it's not
interesting like if if uh
a michael bay movie
if it was like two and a half hours of
explosions which a lot of the time it
yeah for like 20 minutes and it's like
it's
it cheapens it now i understand what
you're saying but it would be like
saying there's too much running in
soccer it cheapens it like the movement
you're not what you're not sharing a run
you're sharing a goal but you are
cheering runs you're cheering you're
treating the momentum of a run a team
can go on a 10-0 run and change the
entire uh like forecast the end result
is i hope they score a goal but what
about are you okay with the fact that at
most they're scoring three points per
per score
it's not like football's six points
guaranteed you're [__] gonna really
work for them if you're steph curry
you're allowed to have a seven point
play apparently
does the number a point it's just an
insane you think games should have a
limited mechanism to how they score
no i'm just saying like if i watch a
football game and it's like 2-1
the goals were like
very exciting because there was a lot of
time between them
but isn't it the result of the game that
you're invested in more so than the
mechanism of adding points
like isn't shouldn't that i feel like
that's more of a factor for me
yeah would you play like a would you
play a capture the flag on blood gulch
first to 50 no it'd be like it's
exciting when when it scored once
if every time i score once it's worth
six that might be interesting do i get
the ability to go for eight
i gotta yeah i don't know man
like i think the the beauty of soccer
and the allure of soccer is like the
fluidity of motion and how the game
plays out and i i think basketball had
is the exact same way
like you're you're constantly watching
uh
the fluidity of the team how a team will
make a defensive response to something
that another team is doing and then how
that team counters it or doesn't it it's
like it's constantly interesting
there's too much to watch on the screen
i the thing i've had trouble with these
finals is i want to watch them multiple
times because i want to see what every
player is doing uh on in relation to
everything else that's going on in the
court like
basketball's non-stop interesting [__]
happening at all times fascinating not
that we're in this era i just i it
baffles me the idea of being like oh
another dunk they're dunking again okay
i'm not like
with it i'm just like it's like score
over there running back score over there
i know but a dunk is always exciting to
me it doesn't matter how many times it
happens
i went to a game with jeff it was very
exciting it was very cool environment it
was i really had a good time
in general i don't think i could watch
like 50 games in a year
oh well a lot of people can't i mean
yeah it's
not most people don't watch every game
of their team you know i wouldn't
imagine
oh really i don't think so there's 82
games and then if you make it all the
way to the if you make it all the way if
you make it all the way through the
playoffs to the finals you're playing
another quarter of a season you're
playing another 24 games it depends on
the sport like i will watch every
seahawks game every year because there's
16 of those and it's one a week like
that's a very manageable when you get
into like hockey and football or
basketball and um baseball becomes more
challenging you have multiple games a
week i like the idea of playoffs
celebrity of like you play every team
and then something happens my uh my
limit's 82 games baseball it's hard to
keep up with a full season and try to
watch every game but i can watch every
basketball game 82 is not too hard the
playoffs are always great yeah for any
sport it's always exciting are we a
sports podcast i don't think that's
right no we're a baseball we're a
baseball equipment podcast
we're a time traveling baseball
equipment i do
that yeah so speaking of uh we'll
probably start wrapping it up here soon
but i've been meaning to ask you this
guys this for a while now but has
anybody experienced any new potential
time travel
uh issues it has future you uh
maybe manipulated your lives anyway
recently that you could account for yeah
i realized today when you asked me about
uh had i done the baseball video i
quickly went back in time and posted it
in the slack
that's fair yeah
just so i wouldn't feel
on the back foot there
well i don't think yeah i don't think
anything i've had a pretty uneventful
life the last couple last week or two i
uh
i i don't even know if i've talked about
it but i got my new bike and i've been
writing it every day and like nothing's
happening everything's just like life's
good there yeah i guess so yeah no it is
you're right it is it is good i've got
it it hasn't that yeah i mean with
exceptions good for everything except
for this podcast yeah i mean with the
exception of emily getting you know
getting covered in us being quarantined
for that week but
like it's been pretty uneventful life
yeah i'd say that i'm at a point where
i'm thinking about whipper snappers is
like a reflection of the thrill that is
happening in my life at the moment
i'm having extended thoughts about what
whipper snappers mean in the age limits
probably not a lot going on that's
exciting i want to buy you both uh a
three pack of these new socks by the way
i would love to have a pair yes i want
to see if any effect
has any effect on your lives have you
noticed like you know red is bad but or
the other is any other color like
particularly good
uh no okay no i'm trying not to get hung
up on like the intricacies of good
just trying to avoid bad i think this
will be out by the time and if not maybe
we can edit i think you'll know know
this jeff the fact that gavin and i are
on survive block island season two which
is like survivor meets minecraft yes if
i could get a pair of those socks gavin
if i get voted out first i'm wearing
those [__] socks we're gonna have a
problem i yeah i love that the other day
this is actually funny i didn't i forgot
about this uh andrew accidentally texted
me some stuff he was he meant to send to
you gavin about like
scheming for survive block island and i
was like
uh you probably shouldn't be telling me
this stuff and he's like are you on the
show uh and i was like no i'm not in the
show and he's like oh you'll just
disregard it but i'm producing it i help
make it i'm gonna be watching in the
control room everything that you're
doing and now i know your dumb plans so
i can i can make sure to catch them
to clarify my plan yeah the plan was
just the fact that neither of us have
capture cards for a computer and i don't
know if we need those and the premise of
like part of the story just not being
present because neither of us are
capturing what is happening like where
do we do we make that home where do we
film it yeah you guys film from home oh
i can't film from home you can't play a
you can't film a pc game on steam no
i've like rearranged i've i guess
minecraft
well you might have to come in for it
then well all right
so wait i do need a capture card
no you just need to be able to do you
have obs
no i'll figure it out it's just a pc
game and you just have to be able to
record pc footage you don't need a
capture card for that got it but we're
gonna be in that and uh i'm not gonna
backstab you gavin promise pinky swear
oh
i was simultaneously filled with joy and
dread when you said you were gonna be on
it really i was just excited and for the
brief moment i thought jeff was on it i
was all true i was like this is great
i'm gonna send you so many socks i can't
be honest i know i know all the all this
stuff it'd be it'd be unfair
this was fun i'm glad we did too we
learned a lot we got the videos that are
coming out got to talk about that we're
doing that gavin hates scoring this is a
good upset
was it this episode or last episode that
we did we discovered gavin was going to
make the pizza
the branson this episode oh yeah it's a
great episode then it's a great episode
yeah we got a whole like 20 minutes ago
that's awesome
a plus plus why don't one or two of you
watch that freaking video and then we'll
upload i'm so excited please upload the
file as soon as we're done
could we could you send us the
the [__] put in the slack other video
yeah but also watch baseballs for
christ's sake i will watch both of them
can't wait all right uh how long is it
just on top of your head i don't
remember um let me see
here's my here's my note
uh
it's probably too long um let me see i'm
looking up right now it is nine and a
half minutes oh yeah that's a seven
minute video max probably
thanks for your feedback no problem
happy to help
okay i guess i should stop it nobody
else is gonna do it thanks for listening
uh to another episode of the what you
started you end the [__] this is your
thing this is what you do
yeah that's fine i was i was saying that
nobody else is going to do it so i
better do it no i was sitting here i was
no yeah no i i'm not arguing is this the
final version of the intro or the outro
are they gonna be nice
i'll be honest it's too long
[Laughter]
the end
hey guys major league fan jack here with
a look at next week's episode of face
nick screwed up the secret gavin gets
his movies wrong what is eric's limits
you're gonna find out what all the
beeping was about gavin and jeff have
the wettest of fives water and laptops
do not mix jeff is an excellent diver
and once again andrew does not eat the
pencil all that and more on next week's
episode of face